[Doc] Update add_datasets docs (#2745)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: docs/en/advanced_guides/add_datasets.md

A training pair will consist of the files with same suffix in img_dir/ann_dir.

> Some datasets don't release test sub-dataset or don't release the ground truth of test sub-dataset, and we cannot evaluate model locally without ground truth of test sub-dataset, so we ignore test sub-dataset in config files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some datasets don't release the test set or don't release the ground truth of the test set, and we cannot evaluate models locally without the ground truth of the test set, so we set the validation set as the default test set in config files.
```
